ztp: Update Readme and examples (#839)
openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy: ztp/policygenerator-kustomize-plugin/README.md

## Policy generator kustomize plugin

> The policy generator kustomize plugin consume the [policygenerator](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/policygenerator) lib and [PolicyGenTemplate](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/ran-crd/policy-gen-template-crd.yaml) as a kustomize plugin. Kustomization.yaml is an example how to use the policygenerator plugin as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policy generator kustomize plugin consumes the [policygenerator](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/policygenerator) library and [PolicyGenTemplate](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/ran-crd/policy-gen-template-crd.yaml) as a kustomize plugin. Kustomization.yaml is an example of how to use the policygenerator plugin.
```

```
generators:
- testPolicyGenTemplate/common-ranGen.yaml
- testPolicyGenTemplate/group-du-ranGen.yaml
- testPolicyGenTemplate/group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
- testPolicyGenTemplate/site-du-sno-1-ranGen.yaml
```

## Build and execute

> - Run the following command to build policygenerator binary and create the kustomize plugin directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following command to build the policygenerator binary and create the kustomize plugin directory structure:
```

```
    $ make build
```

> After the build success `kustomize/` directory should be created with following tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the build succeeds, the `kustomize/` directory should be created with following structure:
```

                    ├── PtpOperatorConfigForEvent.yaml
                    ├── PtpSubscriptionNS.yaml
                    ├── PtpSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
                    ├── PtpSubscription.yaml
                    ├── ReduceMonitoringFootprint.yaml
                    ├── SriovCatSource.yaml
                    ├── SriovNetworkNodePolicy.yaml
                    ├── SriovNetwork.yaml
                    ├── SriovOperatorConfig.yaml
                    ├── SriovSubscriptionNS.yaml
                    ├── SriovSubscriptionOperGroup.yaml
                    ├── SriovSubscription.yaml
                    ├── StorageCatSource.yaml
                    ├── StorageLV.yaml
                    ├── StorageNS.yaml
                    ├── StorageOperGroup.yaml
                    ├── StorageSubscription.yaml
                    ├── TunedPerformancePatch.yaml
                    └── validatorCRs
                        └── informDuValidator.yaml
```

Note: The source-crs directory contain the CRs (Custom Resources) that will be used to construct the ACM policies.

- Run the following command to execute kustomization.yaml
```
    $ make test
```

> - Run the following command to dump the kusomization output to files under `out/` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following command to dump the kustomization output to files under the `out/` directory
```
